Document how to obtain device logs for ESPHome (#37739)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/esphome.markdown

```

The entity will be named `Temperature` and will default to having an entity_id of `sensor.temperature`.

## Obtaining logs from the device

> By enabling `Subscribe to logs from the device` in the [options flow](#options), the device will send logs to Home Assistant, which are logged under the `homeassistant.components.esphome` logger at the equivalent level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To have the device send logs to Home Assistant, in the [options flow](#options), enable `Subscribe to logs from the device`. They are logged under the `homeassistant.components.esphome` logger at the equivalent level.
```

> By enabling `Subscribe to logs from the device` in the [options flow](#options), the device will send logs to Home Assistant, which are logged under the `home assistant.components.esphome` logger at the equivalent level.

Author: ```suggestion
By enabling `Subscribe to logs from the device` in the [options flow](#options), the device will send logs to Home Assistant, which are logged under the `homeassistant.components.esphome` logger at the equivalent level.
```

> To adjust the logging level, enable [debug logging](/docs/configuration/troubleshooting/#debug-logs-and-diagnostics), or use the Developer Tools to call the [`logger.set_level`](/integrations/logger/) action to specify the desired level:

Author: ```suggestion
To adjust the logging level, enable [debug logging](/docs/configuration/troubleshooting/#debug-logs-and-diagnostics), or use the Developer Tools to call the [`logger.set_level`](/integrations/logger/#action-set_level) action to specify the desired level:
```

> To adjust the logging level, enable [debug logging](/docs/configuration/troubleshooting/#debug-logs-and-diagnostics), or use the Developer Tools to call the [`logging.set_level`](/integrations/logger/) action to specify the desired level:

Author: ```suggestion
To adjust the logging level, enable [debug logging](/docs/configuration/troubleshooting/#debug-logs-and-diagnostics), or use the Developer Tools to call the [`logger.set_level`](/integrations/logger/) action to specify the desired level:
```

> To adjust the logging level, enable [debug logging](/docs/configuration/troubleshooting/#debug-logs-and-diagnostics), or use the Developer Tools to call the [`logger.set_level`](/integrations/logger/#action-set_level) action to specify the desired level:

Author: ```suggestion
To adjust the logging level, enable [debug logging](/docs/configuration/troubleshooting/#debug-logs-and-diagnostics), or use the [Developer Tools](/docs/tools/dev-tools/) to call the [`logger.set_level`](/integrations/logger/#action-set_level) action to specify the desired level:
```

> To adjust the logging level, enable [debug logging](/docs/configuration/troubleshooting/#debug-logs-and-diagnostics), or use the [Developer Tools](/docs/tools/dev-tools/) to call the [`logger.set_level`](/integrations/logger/#action-set_level) action to specify the desired level:

Author: ```suggestion
To adjust the logging level, enable [debug logging](/docs/configuration/troubleshooting/#debug-logs-and-diagnostics), or use the [Developer Tools](/docs/tools/dev-tools/#actions-tab) to call the [`logger.set_level`](/integrations/logger/#action-set_level) action to specify the desired level:
```

> To adjust the logging level, enable [debug logging](/docs/configuration/troubleshooting/#debug-logs-and-diagnostics), or use the [Developer Tools](/docs/tools/dev-tools/#actions-tab) to call the [`logger.set_level`](/integrations/logger/#action-set_level) action to specify the desired level:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To adjust the logging level, there are two options:
  - enable [debug logging](/docs/configuration/troubleshooting/#debug-logs-and-diagnostics),
  - or use the [Developer Tools](/docs/tools/dev-tools/#actions-tab) to call the [`logger.set_level`](/integrations/logger/#action-set_level) action to specify the desired level:
```

> ```yaml
> action: logger.set_level
> data:
>   homeassistant.components.esphome: debug
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```yaml
    action: logger.set_level
    data:
      homeassistant.components.esphome: debug
    ```
```

```

The entity will be named `Temperature` and will default to having an entity_id of `sensor.temperature`.

## Obtaining logs from the device

> To have the device send logs to Home Assistant, in the [options flow](#options), enable `Subscribe to logs from the device`. They are logged under the `homeassistant.components.esphome` logger at the equivalent level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To have the device send logs to Home Assistant, in the [options flow](#options), enable `Subscribe to logs from the device`. 
   - They are logged under the `homeassistant.components.esphome` logger at the equivalent level.
```

By enabling `Subscribe to logs from the device` in the options flow, the device will send logs to Home Assistant, which are logged under the `home assistant.components.esphome` logger at the equivalent level.

To adjust the logging level, enable [debug logging](/docs/configuration/troubleshooting/#debug-logs-and-diagnostics), or use the Developer Tools to call the [`logging.set_level`](/integrations/logger/) action to specify the desired level:

```yaml
action: logger.set_level
data:
  homeassistant.components.esphome: debug

> ```

Author: fixed

> To adjust the logging level, there are two options:
>   - enable [debug logging](/docs/configuration/troubleshooting/#debug-logs-and-diagnostics),
>   - or use the [Developer Tools](/docs/tools/dev-tools/#actions-tab) to call the [`logger.set_level`](/integrations/logger/#action-set_level) action to specify the desired level:
> 
>     ```yaml
>     action: logger.set_level
>     data:
>       homeassistant.components.esphome: debug
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. To adjust the logging level, there are two options:
    - enable [debug logging](/docs/configuration/troubleshooting/#debug-logs-and-diagnostics),
    - or use the [Developer Tools](/docs/tools/dev-tools/#actions-tab) to call the [`logger.set_level`](/integrations/logger/#action-set_level) action to specify the desired level:

      ```yaml
      action: logger.set_level
      data:
        homeassistant.components.esphome: debug
      ```
```
